SimplePlugin v0.01 -- a basic magic plugin for Minecraft servers running Bukkit.


TODO:
    - A "magic wand": the gold hoe
    - Permissions
    - Basic spells:
        | Alchemy: turning items into other items in a furnace. Paying for it can be whatever item is in the bottom?
        | Combat: offensive/defensive/support spells
            > Healing
            > Summoning defenses (think summoning a temporary cobblestone wall in front of you)
            > Offensive spells (think Ghast explosions)
            > Summon Mobs
        | Building spells
            > Summon walls or cuboids, using the materials in your inventory and some form of payment (magic points?).
        | Mining-related spells
            > Compass points to the nearest of a certain type of ore or maybe you get the coords?
        | Warps/teleportation in general.
            > Something like /j, /ascend, /descend and maybe something between worlds.
    - System like magic points or magic resources.
    - Some spells only work in certain worlds? or cost different amounts in different worlds?

SPELLS (a list of ideas by Michael and Brendan):
    Healing Spells:
  For healing spells: We can have various roman numerals indicating the strength of the spell, like “Heal IV”. We also need to find a way to let it target other players, while 
  Resurrect: Brings a player back from the dead to their death spot with 1 heart. Not quite sure how to target a player, it might require a chat command.
  Full Resurrect: Bring a player back to life to their death spot with full hearts. More costly than a normal resurrect + a series of healing spells, but much quicker.
  Curse: Takes 3 of the caster’s hearts and gives 3 to their target.
Possibly: We could do heal over time spells, like a targeted player gains 10 hearts over 30 seconds.

    Offensive spells:
  Fissure: Opens hole at target, then closes again after 2 seconds
  Taunt: Makes mobs within a 5-block radius circle of the player attack the player.
  Sand Tomb: Creates a 3x3 thing of sand 5 blocks above the target, and then falls. Disappears after 10 seconds.
  The Dog Whisperer: Summons 5 dogs and sets their target to the mob the player points at. Requires 45 bones.
  Cone of Cold: Causes the blocks in front of the player in some form of cone-shape to turn to ice, freezing mobs in the player’s line of sight in place for 10 seconds. Requires 10 snow blocks.
  Flare: Lights the blocks in a 5-block radius of the target block (would need to find a way to make the fires hurt mobs but not wood)
  Sacrifice: Kills the player, but also kills mobs around the player in a 10-block radius circle. Good for fighting with a group, as a last sacrifice.
  Tornado: Shoots entities within a 5-block radius of the target point into the air.
  Lightning: Pretty self-explanatory. Try to make it not harm environment.
  Inferno: Essentially level 2 of flare. Same radius as flare, but with a greater cost and a longer lifetime/more damage.

  Defensive Spells: 
  Decoy: Spawns a cow and makes mobs in a 5-block radius of the cow attack it.
  Spikes: Summons a 6-block long cactus wall where the player is pointing for 10 seconds.
  Net: Costs 10 string, freezes mobs in a 5-block radius around the player for 10 seconds.

   Transmutations:
  For transmutations: The player should put the thing they want to transmute in the top of a furnace, and then 5 redstone in the bottom. The furnace would output the result. For example, 2 iron in the top and 5 redstone on the bottom = 1 gold.

   World Spells:
  All World Spells should require an obelisk of sandstone topped with 1 gold block to cast. These cannot be built by players, and must be built and designated by admins. All world spells will be announced, for example: “x_Shanghai_x has cast Blizzard!”
  Blizzard: Forces a 2-minute snow. Costs 2 stacks of snow blocks and 1 water bucket.
  Midas Touch: World spell, requiring 10 gold blocks to do. Turns any blocks the player contacts within the next minute to gold. They turn back when the minute is up.
  Day: Makes it day. Requires a clock and 1 white wool.
  Night: Makes it night. Requires a clock and 1 black wool. Sort of a troll spell.
  Social life: Unobtainable.

    Support: these are spells that change the target’s status.
  Invincibility: 10 seconds of invulnerability. Costs 1 diamond and 4 obsidian.
  Strength: Increases target’s damage done for 2 minutes. Costs 1 bread and 4 iron.
  Resilience: Increases target’s health for 2 minutes.
  Heat: Makes a target immune to Cone of Cold (mainly for war).
  Torch: Creates a torch in front of the player. Costs 5 torches.
  Gills: Allows the target to swim faster + breathe underwater for 30 seconds.
  Speed: Increases target’s speed for 5 seconds, but costs the target 2 hearts.
  Jump: Allows the target extra jump height for 10 seconds.

